MGDAPI-5313 initial commit (#1)
integr8ly/api-management-migrations: on-prem-to-rhoam/README.md

# On-prem to RHOAM migrations

> Based on the agreement between the Customer and Red Hat the migration steps owners will vary, however the general flow remains the same and it is a matter of who is going to go through each SOP.

Author: ```suggestion
 The owner of each migration step in the process will vary based on the level of access granted by the customer, however, the general flow remains the same and it is a matter of who is going to go through each SOP.
```

# Migration Paths

> These are the available migration paths based on the level of permissions given to Red Hat

Author: remove this or #9
